Feature switch (#358)
taskcluster/json-e: README.md

result: []
```

### `$switch`

The `$switch` operator behaves like a combination of the `$if` and
`$match` operator for more complex boolean logic. It gets an object,

> in which every key is a string expression(s), where only *one* must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in which every key is a string expression(s), where at most *one* must
```
